feat(crashpad): add option to delay shutdown until upload thread completes (#1153)
getsentry/sentry-native: CONTRIBUTING.md

- `capture-transaction`: Captures a transaction.
- `traces-sampler`: Installs a traces sampler callback function when used alongside `capture-transaction`.

 
Only on Linux using crashpad:

> - `crashpad-wait-for-upload`: Couples application shutdown to finishing the upload thread. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `crashpad-wait-for-upload`: Couples application shutdown to complete the upload in the `crashpad_handler`. 
```
